# README
  
### Introduction
  
This repo is for the course project of Getting and Cleaning Data on Coursera. It contains four files/folders, excluding this readme file itself.
  
### UCI HAR Dataset
  
This dataset is derived from the "Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Data Set" which was originally made avaiable here: http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones. The "test" folder contains the "X-test.txt" file with data of to 561 features, which is described by the "features.txt" and "feature-info.txt" files in the main folder. The "test" folder also contains the "y-test.txt" and "subject-test.txt" files which recording the number of activity and subject corresponding to each measurement in the "X-test.txt" file. There is also a folder called "Inertial Signals" containing the original raw data directly collected by the accelerometer and gyrometers. The "train" folder has the same structure as the "test" one. Besides, the main folder also contains a readme file and a txt file with the relation ship between the activity names and activity numbers.
  
### Codebook
  
The codebook that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data.
  
### R Script
  
The R script "run_analysis.R" extracts and rearranges data from the UCI HAR dataset and build a new tidy data set called "new.txt" for further processing according to the instruction given on the course website. Before using this file in R or RStudio, the UCI HAR dataset folder should be extracted and set as the working directory of the software.
  
### Tidy Data Set
  
This data set is generated by processing the data set in UCI HAR dataset. It contains the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.
